Personal letter

My name is Karl Lundin, I’m 29 years old from Sweden and am in the final semester of my Masters. I have a degree in Vehicle engineering and I’m pursuing a degree in Systems, Control and Robotics (belonging to EE-school) following the Robotics and Autonomous Systems track at KTH, Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm. 
I am in the process of writing my Master thesis concerned with relative positioning for a drone on a moving platform. I aim to finish it and to graduate at the beginning of the summer. More information in appended document. 
I have an interest in our world and have spent several years abroad. I spent two years studying Chinese and put much pride in that I feel confident in conversing in Mandarin. China is an interesting place with endless opportunities for exploration, as well as being one of the leading forces in technological advancements. It is my hope that I’m able to find a position with a company that does business with China to give myself an opportunity to work in or towards China.
I am a few years older than most of my peers, but I think that I have spent the years before attending this Masters’ program well, and that I matured much both from my experiences before and during this education. I would therefore claim that I’m a reliable character who is confident in taking responsibility and in working in collaboration with others. 
I am outgoing, devoted to learning and reliable. I think that I’m good at making an overview of a problem and seeing the big image of a situation. I also think that I have learnt to keep a methodical approach towards dealing with problems.
My aspiration during the upcoming years is to learn about the things we didn’t at KTH. We have mostly been looking purely on the technological aspect of a problem, but innovation is also related to people and business. I’d like to connect the technical aspect to the utility a product or solutions gives to society or customers. 
If you have any questions, don’t hesitate to ask.
Best
Karl

